Add `isSupported` function support for language (#17331)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/api/17331.md

#### Add `isSupported` function support for `languages` API (#17331 by @JounQin)

> Previously, `languages` API for custom plugin only supported to infer parser based on base `filename`, only exactly matched `filename` is supported. This PR added `isSupported` function with `file: string` as parameter to check if the `file` is supported by the plugin, `file` could be plain string path or url string like `file:///C:/test.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, `languages` API for custom plugin only supported to infer parser based on the file basename or extension.

Prettier main added `isSupported: (file: string) => boolean` function to allow plugin check if file is supported based on the full path (eg: files in a specific directory), the `file` parameter could be a normal path or a url string like `file:///C:/test.txt`.
```

#### Add `isSupported` function support for `languages` API (#17331 by @JounQin)

Previously, `languages` API for custom plugin only supported to infer parser based on the file basename or extension.

> Prettier main added `isSupported: (file: string) => boolean` function to allow plugin check if file is supported based on the full path (eg: files in a specific directory), the `file` parameter could be a normal path or a url string like `file:///C:/test.txt`.

Reviewer 2: Just to be safe, write here how  it would behave if this function did not exist.

> Prettier main added `isSupported: (file: string) => boolean` function to allow plugin check if file is supported based on the full path (eg: files in a specific directory), the `file` parameter could be a normal path or a url string like `file:///C:/test.txt`.

Author: @sosukesuzuki How about:

```suggestion
Prettier main added `isSupported: (file: string) => boolean` function to allow plugin check if file is supported based on the full path (eg: files in a specific directory), the `file` parameter could be a normal path or a url string like `file:///C:/test.txt`.

If no `isSupported` provided, it just behaviors the smae way as before.
```

Reviewer: `smae` -> `same`

Author: > `smae` -> `same`

Suggestion changed.

Author: Should I just commit the suggestion? @fisker @sosukesuzuki
